
EOM/HR/DP/095/25/711(change)                                                                                                                            --  /--/2025(Change)



Mr. Name(Change)



Offer Letter

Dear. Name(Change),


This is Reference to your application and Subsequent interviews you had with us. We are pleased to offer you the position of Designation(Change) in Department(Change) with effect from ---December-2025(Change), on the terms and conditions as mutually agreed upon at the time of interview.

As per discussion:-  In this role, you will be responsible for recruiting four direct reportees and facilitating team growth through their leadership. You will ultimately manage and supervise a total team strength of 40 candidates.

As discussed, your annual Income would be Rupees 0,00,000/-(Change) (Rupees Zero)(Change)


You will be on probation for a period of six months at the end of which provided your performance has been found satisfactory you may be confirmed as an employee in the company.
You  will  be  required  to  enter  into  a  Confidentiality  Agreement  with  the  Company  and  provide  the  accurate information to be filled in your joining form, sending along with your offer letter.

Please sign a duplicate copy of this letter and fill the joining form as a token of your acceptance and send the same email id hr_shilpisaxena@eomshopping.in (HR Team)  back to us. The offer letter and joining kit will valid for 2 days only from the day the it is issued.

We Welcome you and look forward for your arrival in EASY ONLINE MARKETING.
Thanking You Sincerely

For EASY ONLINE MARKETING                                                                  I accept the terms and conditions



Name(Change)
Authorized Signatory                                                                                                  Signature of Applicant




8119,  8th     Floor,  Gaur  City   Office   Mall, Sector –  4  Greater  Noida  West,  Gautam Buddha  Nagar  Uttar  Pradesh  –  201306, India